it's time to introduce myself
[Music]
just three ounces of pressure to the
vagus nerve and then look at your boy
sleepy night night Blanche sterling a
legendary spy who's always dressed to
impress
Walter Beckett graduated MIT at 15 and
works in the tech innovations lab there
are so many gadgets I want to test in
the field for example the inflatable
hook kind of a personal protection
device I've been developing this is a
vile waste of taxpayer dollars this is
your next objective none of our agents
can get close to him
[Music]
I have something that can help it's
called biodynamic concealment imagine if
I can make you disappear hey Lance look
at me look at you I can see my butt and
your face at the same time that is so
cool being a pigeon could make you an
even better spy pigeons are everywhere
nobody notices them as you can see in
slow motion
that was tight did anyone else see a
pigeon and pitches can fly up to 92
miles per hour
don't just probably officers he'll
figure it out
all right come we're starting it's about
to get messy time to go sleepy
night-night
I miss my hands I gotta stay you're
squeezing - oh what happens in a
submarine stays in a submarine
[Music]